DOC-1009: Document Tabfocus and tabindex changes (#2183)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: _includes/configuration/taborder.md

## Tab order

> Tab order of the elements in a page, including TinyMCE, should be configured by setting [`tabindex`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the relevant elements. The browser will then natively handle the tab order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tab order of the elements in a page, including {{site.productname}}, should be configured by setting the [`tabindex` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the relevant elements. The browser will then natively handle the tab order.
```

> To configure `tabindex` for the TinyMCE editor, set it on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure `tabindex` for the {{site.productname}} editor, set the attribute on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. 
```

> To configure `tabindex` for the {{site.productname}} editor, set the attribute on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. 

Reviewer 2: I'm not a big fan of "equivalent if using a framework" — target elements would still exist if you were using a framework, generally. The only time when people wouldn't be able to stick an attribute on a target element is if they're using one of our integrations that abstracts that away from them — is there a chance we could replace this with an explanation on how to change the `tabindex` using our integrations (hopefully by linking it to docs that have already been written for this)?

Author: Hm. I doubt we have docs about that, and I guess I added this because I wasn't sure what integrations would do. But I'd be fine with removing any mention of integrations.

Author: Removed the bit about integrations

> In iframe mode, TinyMCE copies the `tabindex` attribute from the target element to the editor's iframe, to allow this to work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In iframe (classic editor) mode, {{site.productname}} copies the `tabindex` attribute from the target element to the editor's iframe, to allow this to work correctly.
```
